Feels good. Some folks who deserve a mention:

Dr.Manas Dutta : I think AIIMS made a good choice when they chose you for the CVTS job. Studying together with you, showed me there are parts of the mind, levels of endurance, that we don't know we are capable of.

Dr.Priyam Pargaonkar, Dr.Harvinder Singh : You guys put up with all my eccentricities during first year. I don't think I could have found more understanding seniors. Words do not begin to express how much of a difference you people inadvertantly and unknowingly made to my life, especially since you didn't know my story from the preceeding 5 years.

Dr.Shailendra Tiwari : For showing me that all-nighters are possible.

Dr.Rishabh Joshi : The guy who can answer any medical question under the sun, and I still don't know when you study. If I ever start drinking or smoking, the first one is going to be with you. Look after your liver and lungs till then!

Dr.Chaitrangi Rohekar Paranjpe : For your no holds-barred, downright brutal assessment of my life, especially the day you said "Get off your lazy a**, and do something with your life."(Although I was already working on a lot of things at the time). Its rare to find someone who is willing to be so frank. You're like a conscience in human form, and you simply don't give a damn what the hooman thinks. #Awe

Dr.Iqbal Ahmed Farooqui : Your knowledge of competitive exams, and the tips and tricks you shared, were invaluable. And thanks for keeping me company on those 3 am burger binges.

Dr.Monalisa Laturkar : For telling me nearly 6 months ago, that she knew I was going to top this exam. #Psychic

Dr.Twinnie Bhalla : For the singing.

Dr.Riya Mishra : For the encouragement.

My mom, who told me she felt the vibes were right for me to give this exam. My dad, for the unconditional love.

A special mention to Dr.Karandikar, my original pathology teacher since 2008. I still remember the slide you showed us on a rainy afternoon in June 2008, Linitus Plastica. The dedication you show to your work, is impossible to match.

Dr.Kumud Jeswani, for the golden turtle and sugar cubes, these were all i ate on some days.

And of course, all the stray dogs around Bharti Vidyapeeth, who will no longer have someone to feed them at 4 am in the morning. You guys were always there. 

Furbo the cat: true love is true love, even if you find it in a heartless cat. I don't know why I let you go. I hope there's someone to look after you, the nights can get chilly. 

Finally, Dr.Aditya Raut.
